So, summary for our lesson.
We started off by understanding scenarios in which Smart Contracts need to be upgraded.
We discussed in particular,
scenarios where there's a bug or there's a change in
business rules that require contracts to be upgraded.
The architecture and the techniques we've learned in this lesson help
us deal with those kind of scenarios in a reasonably efficient manner.
We also reviewed the pros and cons of
different solutions for handling Smart Contract upgrades.
The solution that we've discussed in this lesson
involved separating data and application logic,
but there's also the ability to have proxy contracts,
there's also the ability to migrate data,
and you'll have to evaluate and weigh the specific situation you're in,
and make a decision based on that.
Finally, we actually looked through the code.
We worked through exercises to implement separation of Data and Application contracts,
and we also learned how we can secure the Data Contract,
so only authorized Application Contracts can call into it.